today is November 18th it's Monday and I
will have a kind of update just CP
update whatever your caller CV still
sits in the same state that it was the
only thing that done is on the motor
I was just took off the points cover and
once these that will get in there I'm
gonna see if I could get that out I
don't know if I'll be able to ever tried
other than that it's exactly how it was
before I really do in the other videos
man they make a video of taking off like
the headlights pedometer just those kind
of things but I can't really take the
front end off yeah I don't know what I'm
gonna get I may just retain this I don't
know and I can't skip it all the way
down for the tanked and the seat because
I don't know what tank and seat I'm
gonna get yeah so if I get a certain
tank for the seat nice work you know I
find I need to cut off some tag whatever
then I'll just have to repaint it again
or have a powder-coated whatever I'm
going to do so I'm not messing with that
I'm not gonna deal with that I'm gonna
wait until I figure it out as far as the
parts bin not a whole lot of parts here
really the only I have the seat the rear
fender taillight there's an air box in
there some pegs those don't need to be
sold if you notice there's no other
parts reason being is the complete
exhaust from the headers did silencers
that's sold on eBay that went for a 215
shift the rear grab bar closed turn
signals that went for like 98 I think a
while back I sold the rear of a site
number plates therefore anything went
490 so basically those three parts paid
for this entire bike so that gives me
more leeway when building this so
starting from 0 so if I put 1500 in it
that's all I got
I don't have mm and or whatever and
hopefully I don't like 1500 in it but if
you watch the 250f videos you know how
that goes yeah we'll talk about that so
I'm kind of waiting on all that the dtae
gonna write it today but like I said
I've been busy also a reason why I
haven't made any videos I out of town
for a couple days last week and in and
whatnot but I never made a video of me
repaying this I made a video of the new
fuel petcock but none of the repaint and
I did that about three weeks ago and
it's fine now obviously that's not
leaking and that pain is fully fully
cured so it looks great I don't want to
take that out again soon it's a blast
but it's cold out now so we'll see yeah
I just love writing that thing I mean it
reminds me of when I was a kid obviously
really that's it and I may have some
multimeter video videos in the meantime
bike bill you know it just takes time
now if you've watched me my new channel
though wheels and things you know what
the diecast which we've got loads of
loads
we're down there you're probably
wondering why well you know you have
time to make all kinds of these diecast
videos like 2/3 of Daniel whatever
recently take a minute and then
literally with me babbling on and
there's no stopping it going you know
it's a three-minute video so I can make
tons of these into a big deal just one
video of a teardown or a you know of a
pre build of just a certain section can
take just forever just to stop and get
the right tools I mean there's been a
few times where you've heard me you know
come over here and just fumble around
get whatever but I don't like to do that
so I like the plan get everything out
and then film it and it just takes a lot
of time you know explain what I'm doing
and then I'll show you the bolts and
then I'll go in and bold it and then I
may get a call from work or you know it
just takes a lot of time like the 250f I
mean I could probably have done that
bill two weeks easily well probably a
week if I just you know what it's a
really really bad guy but it took months
because of the filming so a lot of time
for filming you know I usually try to
keep it raw footage but sometimes all
I'll really mess up I'll start smearing
they don't have to do everything that's
happened a few times you know and
sometimes I'll say something wrong like
I'll say again breaks well that's a
clutch but I've caught a break and
everything oh you're an idiot you know
whatever watch what I do try to keep
that all straight and it just takes a
lot of time but in not to help you know
you mumble sometimes so that doesn't
cost anything anyway just a little
update just wanted to keep you updated
again it's cold kind of one in here they
have had their little mr. buddy going
but hopefully the next speaker so we'll
have some look that maybe a few tear
downs of this may be a rider video with
the new GoPro I do need to get that out
my also will make video side-by-side
I'll have to use Sony Vegas which I
haven't been using I've been using just
Windows Movie Maker a lot faster Vegas
from the executive side by side showing
you the original HD compared to the
brand-new
Hero 3 Black Edition that would be kind
of cool
I'd like to get any footage of that with
out the handler Matt I took it off it's
really really shaky so that tough that
should do it if you have any questions
or comments or anything like that as
most
you know trying to answer every comment
that I get if it's something stupid you
know like you're slamming me I'm
probably just gonna delete it
sorry and sometimes I don't but
sometimes I do and as most can you know
I do answer every p.m. try to sometimes
I accidentally hit delete and then you
know you can't get it back that
specifically did items so if I if you
have PM me I didn't get back to you this
can me again sometimes it takes me a
week but it's been like two weeks you
know send me another p.m. I probably
asked Italy deleted it or something so
anyway thanks for watching and have a
great day